My codepen - https://codepen.io/damnmullet/pen/mdedaqo?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML?
          Markup that communicates meaning of the content

    2. What is HTML used for?
          Used to place and separate content on web documents

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
            adds additional functionality to HTML. Goes in beginning HTML tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for the most important words on the page (usually title). It is only used once per page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor and image tags

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    metadata, links to external documents, page title

    7. What is an id?
    id is a 1 per page specific tag used for css and navigation purposes.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    1

    10. What is a class?
    class is an umbrella selector used to style many elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    infinite

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    alt is description of image for screen readers or broken src file replacement

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic markup

    17. What is CSS used for?
    as of CSS3, it is used for both styling and functionality

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
          CSS properties;
    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    Classes target many elements whereas an id styles and/or selects a specific element. An example of this would be to use a class styling the nav buttons and then use an id to link one of those buttons to an anchor tag.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human or p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    to target certain elements only in one part of a page
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    :hover, :active, :focus are common examples of modifying the normal selector when their state changes.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    kerning

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px #000000 dotted

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    body

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    /

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?

    rm, because deleted items are not recoverable when using this.

    34. Why should I use version control?
    Tracks the document and allows to revert back to a point in the history.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    at least once every 30min

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    fork the repo;
    add the TL as collaborator;
    open bash and cd to desired location;
    clone repo to machine (git clone url);
    cd into newly cloned repo;
    create a new branch (git checkout -b 'your-name');
    push back to the cloud (git push -u origin your-name)

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements stack horizontally; block stacks vertically

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
     It is positioned according to the nearest ancestor, not by the viewport

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    display: inline-block;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block - p, h1, div
    inline - span, img
    inline-block - button

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
    An invisible box around each and every element that consists of the element, margin, padding, and the border. The fix for this is box-sizing: border-box; .
